c++14 at last (#85)
LLNL/camp: CMakeLists.txt

cmake_minimum_required (VERSION 3.9)

project (camp
  LANGUAGES CXX C
  VERSION 0.1.0)

> # Default to C++11 if not set so GTest/GMock can build

Reviewer: 11->14

# Default to C++11 if not set so GTest/GMock can build
if (NOT BLT_CXX_STD)
    set(BLT_CXX_STD "c++14" CACHE STRING "")
else()

>     if (${BLT_CXX_STD} STREQUAL "c++11")

Reviewer 2: BLT_CXX_STD also allows c++89, so you might want to check for that too.

Author: Good point, I'll do that.   I think we have the same check in RAJA, so we may want to propagate it there as well.

Reviewer 2: Yup, I have this check in the Umpire C++14 PR: https://github.com/LLNL/Umpire/pull/633/

  )
include(${PROJECT_BINARY_DIR}/camp_headers.cmake)

# backends
set (camp_depends)

set (camp_backends openmp cuda hip sycl)
# NOTE: camp itself doesn't require a hip or cuda compiler,
#       but some of its features are activated by having a device compiler
set (camp_runtime_backends cuda hip)

foreach (backend ${camp_backends})
  string(TOUPPER "${backend}" suffix)
  if ("${ENABLE_${suffix}}")
    set ("CAMP_ENABLE_${suffix}" On)
    if (backend IN_LIST camp_runtime_backends)
      list (APPEND camp_depends ${backend}_runtime)
    else()
      list (APPEND camp_depends ${backend})
    endif()
  endif()
endforeach()

if (ENABLE_CUDA)

>   if("${CUDA_VERSION_STRING}" VERSION_LESS "9.2")

Reviewer 3: Should this be CUDA 10.x since that is the minimum required for C++14?

Author: Thanks for that, yes I think it should be 10, probably at least 10.1 really, I'll add that here momentarily. 
```suggestion
  if("${CUDA_VERSION_STRING}" VERSION_LESS "10.1")
```

>     message(FATAL_ERROR "Trying to use CUDA version ${CUDA_VERSION_STRING}. CAMP dependency Googletest requires CUDA version 9.2.x or newer.")

Reviewer 4: Making error message correspond to new version.
```suggestion
    message(FATAL_ERROR "Trying to use CUDA version ${CUDA_VERSION_STRING}. CAMP dependency Googletest requires CUDA version 10.1.x or newer.")
```

Author: Good point, I need to change the message a bit more though, since this is now our requirement exceeding the requirement from google test.  Thanks @rchen20.

```suggestion
    message(FATAL_ERROR "Trying to use CUDA version ${CUDA_VERSION_STRING}. CAMP requires CUDA version 10.1 or newer.")
```
